Better feedback (#163)
IDinsight/aaq-core: docs/blog/posts/feedback-endpoints.md

---
authors:
  - Sid
category:
  - Admin App
  - LLM Response
  - Embeddings Search
  - Feedback

> date: 2024-04-16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2024-04-20
```

---
# Revamped feedback endpoints

There are now two new endpoints for feedback:

> 
> 1. `POST /response-feedback` - Allows you to capture feedback for the responses returned by either of the
> Question-Answering APIs.
> 2. `POST /content-feedback` - Embeddings Search API, returns the top N content matches to your question. Now you
> can also capture feedback for each of these content matches.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

1. `POST /response-feedback` - Allows you to capture feedback for the overall response returned by either of the
Question-Answering APIs.
2. `POST /content-feedback` - Allows you to capture feedback for a specific piece of content.

```

<!-- more -->

## Sentiment and Text

> For both of these endpoints, you are able to provide either sentiment (positive, negative),
> text feedback, or both.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For both of these endpoints, you are able to provide either sentiment (positive, negative) or
text feedback, or both.
```

> See OpenAPI documentation at `https://[DOMAIN]/api/docs` for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See your deployment's OpenAPI documentation at `https://[DOMAIN]/api/docs` for more details.
```
